Hey everyone this is me from the future.
Just letting you know that in the next video we're going to talk about this package called B crypt node
j s.
Now if you go to this page now in NPM you'll get a little warning here saying that this package has
been deprecated and that they recommend you use something else.
You either use B crypt or b crypt dot J Yes.
Now both of these are implementations of something we're going to talk about which is B crypt and I'll
link to this resource so you can actually find out about the difference one is in JavaScript.
The other one is in C++.
Another programming language however for this project because this is our own personal project we're
going to use B crypt no J.S. still.
And the reason I do this is because B crypt no Jesus was specifically created.
So it works both on Mac and Linux as well as windows because with the other packages based on whatever
your operating system is you might encounter some errors.
So if you want you can use those packages especially when you have a real life app that stores user
passwords.
But in our case I want us to use B script.
No J.S. because although it's no longer maintained that is it doesn't get any updates.
It will guarantee that it works on all systems for this lesson.
So I still recommend using B crypt no J.S. if you want later on you can upgrade or change the package
to be crypt B crypt yes.
Most of the time these will work.
But I want to avoid anybody having issues so that we can get this project ready and deployed.
I'll see in the next one by.